Miss, wait for me here.
I'll go in by myself
Boss, these old ladies are good, right?
Oops, hahaha, not bad, hey.
Wouldn't it be better if the Ye family had two daughters?
Wait for the Ye family to go bankrupt
Yev's two daughters
Aren't they all the daughters of the eldest brother by then?
Hahahaha
Who is the viper
Liu Mengran is so bold
You are the god of gamblers
You also added the debt, so you should pay it back, right?
I borrowed the money with my ability
Why pay it back?
I've done the math for you.
1 billion with interest
Do you want to do the math again?
Lao Tzu
Now just wait for the night to hand in that old thing's broken car
Lao Tzu's money, you don't need to hum
If you still want to live
Better listen to me
Boy, are you impatient?
You two give it to me
I'll give you one last chance.
Repay the debt of the Ye family
I don't spend money
Hu Shengsheng, look at the dog's eyes, try this